= Lysozyme Turbidity Assays

This web application is designed to allow people to upload multiple turbidity assays, and through
computation be able to extract useful information about the lysozyme's activity.

== Overall Framework

This web application is based on Python 2.7 on Django 1.4. The overall structure of the web
application is defined below.

This uses the standard MVC design pattern, and the configuration is completed through the
settings.py. The database engine used is SQLite3, as there doesn't need to be any significant data
storage and retrieval.

== Structure

General structure and layout of the code.

==== Views

The views are laid out in a RESTful format. The resource is the folder name, and the pages to
modify the information is found in the for of index, edit, and show HTML pages.

==== URLs

The URLs are also following a RESTful format. The resources are the compute request, compute
response and the personal pages. Each of these resources have the general CRUD mechanisms in place.
If one of the CRUD mechanisms should not be used, there is an explicit 404 rendering from that
method.

==== Models

Each model represents a resource, which will be used in a RESTful manner. These resources will also
be used in the database to hold the previous information about computational requests from certain
user. There is also a generic guest user that has no password, and anyone can access. This means
that anyone using the guest user to run requests, will be allowing it to be viewed publicly.

==== Delayed Jobs

The delayed jobs processor takes functions and data to complete at a later time. This processor will
run in the background, and execute tasks in a queue instead of in parallel. This allows for priority
and single process based execution.

Using a queue based system instead of letting all of the processes run at the same time also allows
for some performance benefits. Context switching, thread locks and concurrent IO access costs
execution time, and by pipelining the tasks, they can be completed faster.

There can be multiple delayed job processors, all running in a separate thread.


